We're not ready to start development of our service.
Now, remember, a couple of videos ago I told you that we were going to take a very testing heavy approach
in the development of this application before we worry about setting up any additional tooling around
testing or anything like that.
However, I think that we should just make sure that we can do some manual testing using something like,
say, Postman, just so we can get started with this authentication stuff and continue making some progress
forward.
So in this video, we're going to set up a route handler for the root of API users, current user.
Whenever we make a git request to that.
Right now we'll just send back some dummy response.
So maybe some little message like hi there or something like that.
Well then make sure that we can access that inside of our browser.
So let's get to it.
I'm going to first get started by going to my author directory.
Inside they'll find the CRC folder and then the index file inside of there.
Then inside there I'm going to add in a git request handler.
They'll do it in git.
We want to listen for an incoming request on the root of API users current user.
So API users current user.
And I'll add in my callback with rec and rez like so.
Then inside of here.
We're going to take that response and we'll send back something like, Hi there for right now.
Well, then save this file.
I should then be able to go back over to my terminal.
And confirm that my observer has automatically restarted.
Okay.
So it looks good.
So now we need to be able to somehow access our running server, specifically our auth pod.
Remember that to access anything inside of our cluster, we have to set up one of two things.
We really have two options.
We can either set up one of those node port services or we can set up that ingress service.
Remember that ingress is all about having some routing rules tied to engine x, so at any time a request
comes into our cluster, it'll be handled by that ingress service.
They'll be routed off to the appropriate service within our cluster.
So that's what we're going to do right now.
We're going to add in a little bit of configuration rules to ingress engine X, just as we did on our
last application.
Now quick reminder about Ingress and X in general.
Between the last application and this one, we did not delete ingress and gen genetics or anything like
that out of our cluster.
When we stopped our scaffold tool from the last application just a couple of videos ago, we deleted
all the deployments, services and pods that were listed inside of our project.
From that last project, we did not delete anything specifically tied to Ingress Engine X beyond our
set of config rules.
So in other words, you should not have to reinstall ingress engine x right now unless you for some
reason reset your cluster between the last application and this one, or manually deleted all the ingress
engine X stuff or something like that.
So we should only have to write out a new config file for ingress engine x and that config file will
be loaded into our existing copy of the ingress engine x controller.
That is all running or still running, I should say, inside of our cluster.
As a quick reminder, if you did restart your cluster or reset it or anything like that for any reason
to get ingress in Gen X reinstalled, all you should to do is come to the documentation page.
Go to deployment.
Run the mandatory command right here.
And then run either the Docker for Mac, this is also the Docker for Windows option or the mini cube
command right there.
Okay.
So once you get that stuff all set up.
We're going to put together a ingress config file once again, and we're going to make sure that any
time a request comes in for a request to a root of API users, we're going to send it off to our service.
So let's do that right away.
Back inside my editor.
I'm going to find my infrared directory inside the kids folder.
Inside there, I'm going to create a new file called Ingress XVII, HTML.
But inside of here, we're going to write some configuration to tell the Ingress Engine X controller
exactly how to handle incoming requests.
So we'll say API version.
Extensions.
Slash v one.
Beta one.
Find of ingress.
Metadata are going to give it a name of ingress service.
We're going to put on an annotation section.
The first annotation we will add in is Kubernetes.
I o and double check your spelling on Kubernetes right there.
Very easy word to mistype.
Ingress class is engine x.
And then engine x dot ingress dot kubernetes dot io slash use reg x of true and remember true needs
to be inside of quotes like.
So don't forget that that this overall annotation right here is telling Engine X that it should expect
that some are different paths that we're going to list and the bottom half of the file are going to
have regular expressions inside them.
Well, then put together our specs section.
We're going to have a set of rules, just one rule right now.
So I'll put in a dash.
The rules, specify our host.
Remember that the host right here is going to be a kind of pretend domain name.
So we're going to put in some made up domain name right there that we're going to be able to connect
to only from our local machine.
So whatever domain name that we're going to enter and right there, we're going to make sure we also
go over and edit our host file as well, just as we did on the last project.
I'm going to use a made up domain name of tickets that.
Dev.
And how about I'll do ticketing?
Dot dev.
So this is my made up domain name that is only going to work on my local machine.
I'll then put in an HTTP section with paths.
We're going to have one entry inside of here for right now.
So I'm going to give it a path of slash API.
Slash users.
Slash.
Question mark.
Parentheses.
Dot star.
So that means that any time someone makes a request to our cluster and the request has a path of API
slash users slash anything, then we're going to send that request on to this listed back end.
In this case, we want to send it to the service that has a name of CRV.
Remember that name is coming right there from the service we created just a moment ago inside of our
Apple File.
There's the name of the service that we want to send the request to, and we want to make sure that
we send it to the service on the port.
3000.
So we'll do that service name along with a service port of 3000 as well.
And then I'll save this file.
Once I save the file, I should be able to go back over to my terminal and see that the Ingress service
was configured.
So that looks good.
Well, let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video, we still have to do a little bit of setup.
So remember, we have to update our host file on our local machine to make sure that any time we make
a request to ticketing dev, it redirects that request to our local machine or it stays on our local
machine.
So we'll take care of that in just a moment.